Re-add links to policy-enforcer to the authorization services documen… (#33905)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/authorization_services/topics/service-protection-permission-api-papi.adoc

`A correlation handle that is conveyed from an authorization server to a resource server, from a resource server to a client, and ultimately from a client back to an authorization server, to enable the authorization server to assess the correct policies to apply to a request for authorization data.`

> In most cases, you won't need to deal with this endpoint directly. {project_name} provides a <<_enforcer_overview, policy enforcer>> that enables UMA for your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, you do not need to deal with this endpoint directly. {project_name} provides a <<_enforcer_overview, policy enforcer>> that enables UMA for your
```
